Bartholomew's laughter said it all and
is that is not the kind of questions
that one expects to hear from bites
religious mid-19th century clear
that the eyes what happens is that play
it is not a priest either since
boy year was going to be someone close to
the young people used to say
if I were a priest it would be different
it was as well as a December 8 , 1841
the young priest was encouraged to caress the
soul of that poor boy hired
by the sacristan today more than 15,000
Salesians consecrated working in
1,800 houses from 130 countries on the fruit
of that first bird maría
and I'm convinced that every
Once a child enters want Jose Juan
He smiles and not only who lives for
always with God but also the
Juan who lives in the hearts of
those who continue his work
and hundreds of hearts the store at
beat of a rhythm that does not understand
punches neither of punishment nor of exclusions
We are like a big family that rolls
says a well-known creation
enter the ditch is to enter home is
entering the home a home is a place
where one feels comfortable or that we
recognizes as his own because in it he
feels welcomed embraced sheltered to
saved happy
I like to think of sanjo as that
little piece of the world where life
he understands he feels and above all he
lives in a different way a place where
breathe a different air where among the
you kill the guitar and the soccer god
potter is molding us each me
like to think of the sack as a place
where life does not stop
I like to think about the ditch how is the
place where the word the ear earns
The sanction
I like to think of Sanjo as a
place where holiness consists in
always be cheerful but not happy
what I have business but to have the
heart put in god
I like to think of sanjo as that
place where we understand that a caress
can more than a blow a look more
that a punishment
a hug more than a shout
I like to think of sanjo as that
place where hope reigns to see
As we do little children
big
Salesian house San Jose 125 years
accompanying young people